Distance to the closest road construction works:
given this data the probability that null assumption is true (that 


both RE and FE show negative dependence with female, that means that FEMALE gender may influence income negatively. Standard error is pretty big on both, FE has bigger negative relation. But it may be that coefficients are not so differenent, as values obtained by different levels of stat. significance (gender income disbalance problem)

Med Age has a positive relationship, so the bigger median age the bigger is the income of household, it is logical, as people of higher age usually have higher income.

Bachelor also has a positive relationship, what stands out is that this variable is pretty robust in terms of error. 

Higher income inequality also provides with higher income, but for FE model index is strictly negative, stat. significance is the same, and SE is also similar. But actually SE is very big, so it is not a robust estimator, i would suggest not to use this variable as it provides a lot of variance, i think it highly influences data inside a dataset, but may influence differently across different samples of general population.

Agriculture, Pop Density and Remoteness of the area all has negative coefficients, but only Agriculture has a powerful coefficient, so agricultural dependence influences income negatively, it is probably due to the fact that agricultural regions have lower income 

log of GDP per capita is positive, that means that GPD per capita influences income geometrically, that makes sense probably.

By R-squared we assume that FE is a better model, but both model estimate fairly decent